All right, so let's continue Settings View Settings screen here, so we have a top part in for a top.
Are we going to use you as I use warm, whether I bar?
There it is.
Has our controller?
NAF controller that is.
And.
Before that, let's go ahead and pass a few other.
Arguments with Title said that two settings and icon.
Is main is going to be this false, because it's not the main screen.
All right now inside of our scaffold.
This is what we're going to create this structure here.
As you see, there is really there isn't that much.
OK, so let's go ahead and put together the structure surface.
Max with.
Max Height.
Add a column here.
I prefer to call
arrangement.
Sandra?
Alignments and our horizontally, and I'm going to add a text.
Let's change.
Mortar fire.
Padding bottom can give about 15 deep a good.
Then after a text, what I'm going to do is I'm going to add what I call what I'm going to do.
Let's go ahead and add this button here.
So this is actually going to be a different kind of button called icon toggle button.
So let's go ahead and have that real quick.
I'm going to create later a state variable that will allow us to tabulate back and forth, right?
Don't say unit toggle status, such as having created and then on change here.
We're going to do some work.
Let's go ahead and create this unit tackle there.
So again, it's going to be a.
Stateful.
Or a state right at the top here.
I have to import a few things.
Go.
And I can't also.
Put that in single lambda.
And then here I'm going to create a list of two strains called vowel measurement.
Units list of.
Looks like it's going to be a real laugh like this second five Fahrenheit and metric.
See, four Celsius.
And because this will toggle back and forth between Celsius and Fahrenheit, I need to add another state
here called Choice State, which will use we'll see in a second.
And let's say choice.
State.
So I remember facilitate everything immutable state of.
It's going to be a string.
All right, now, let's go back here now.
You can see that all looks much better.
So what is it?
I want to do well on checked change, meaning once we click, we're checking, we're changing the state
of our eye going toggle button, right?
And we toggle back and forth, depending on the state of our type of state unit there.
So inside here, we're going to get a bulletin as you see it there so we can check.
We're going to do something here.
So first, actually, and when I say unit toggle test, let's set that to the opposite of it.
Right.
So toggling back and forth so you can toggle test, let's say, what does it like it like change to
the right subject to changing it?
It's fine.
And then I'm going to put an if statement here that I'm going to say, you know, titles test state.
That is, if it's true, then I am going to say choice.
State said that to the actual value, which is not the imperial.
Half like this.
Let's also make this half hour because we're changing the variable, and then else I'm going to make
sure that our choice state value is in this case metrics and put this in a line.
So was a metric.
See like that.
Let's not forget the finalize or else if.
All right, so now inside here, this is where I'm going to create this structure, of course, inside
can create a text and so forth.
So, uh, before that, let's modify four things for our tackle button now or the fire feel max width,
and I'm going to put a fraction to say, I want this to shrink using this fraction here zero point five
f right.
The width in this case.
And then I'm going to clip.
Has a shape to say what shape I want this to look to have slightly rectangle.
Rectangle shape and then padding.
It's going to be about five dpi and then background, let's say color, my gender
and pass alpha.
Zero point four F.
All right.
Just to change things a little bit to give this kind of, in fact, if you don't like this color, you
can pass it any other time.
It's fine.
All right.
And let's see what else we have to do.
Now we're going to add the actual text, right?
So it looks like all this, remember, need more to be imported and do that.
All right.
What's going on here?
I just had a text.
And for this tax here, what I want to do now, I'm going to check because depending on how this works,
whether we clicked first time or second time, we want to toggle between Celsius and Fahrenheit, right?
That's the idea.
So I'm going put an if statement here and say if this actually has been sacked there.
So if unit.
Toggle state, it's true, then I'm going to say Fahrenheit.
I think that's how you spell it, put effort like this else, Celsius has to be inside like that.
So they decide that when we click.
Of course, the toggle state will change along, right?
So if in this case, the if our, you know, toggle state is true, then choice is going to imperial,
else is going to be a metric.
That's what are we doing here.
So if it's imperial, that means it's Fahrenheit.
If it's not, which means this metric, Celsius, that's what we are trying to get there.
All right, let's go ahead and run this real quick.
All right.
Let's go to settings, I'm on my phone here.
All right, there we go.
So if I click right, it's changing back and forth.
Fahrenheit Celsius.
Fahrenheit Celsius, right?
So that's exactly what we want and it's working.